you know with the exception of American
sniper this year's Best Picture nominees
didn't make a lot of money at the box
office but the Academy Awards is of
course one of the most hyped events of
the year so much about it everyone is
talking about it so there's a lot of
pressure to have an opinion about which
movies and actors will win even even if
you haven't seen any of them so as we do
from time to time we sent a camera onto
Hollywood Boulevard to ask people what
they thought about some real nominated
movies and about some things we made up
in this special Oscar night edition of
lie witness news how did you think that
Helen Mirren's performance as Cate
Blanchet as Judi Dench as Larry Bird and
Birdman was a powerful it was definitely
powerful I definitely recommend to see
it cuz it's very the whole time you're
kind of like sitting in the seat and
you're you know trying to fight every
different kind of emotions out of it but
it was it was definitely something I
recommend seeing it was really wonderful
did you think it was overkill that
Julianne Moore cried for a full 90
minutes in cry-face or was that just
right Ono's is right it's never no but
you never know we kill to cry just let
it out what did you think of the
controversial moment at the beginning of
boyhood when they killed the boy right
off the bat
um he's pretty pretty emotional it was a
good movie did you think that it was
right that Ethan Hawke would throw him
into an active volcano um we have to
know I mean I'm sure there's reasons for
either way how do you think Angelina
Jolie did as Rosa Parks in Selma was
that powerful or yes definitely
do you think she brought a sexiness to
that scene on the bus absolutely didn't
say everything I think what did you
think about that beautiful moment in the
theory of everything when Eddie Redmayne
got up out of his wheelchair and punched
Albert Einstein in the face that was
just unbelievable I'm so glad they did
that that was just like history that's
making I wish I could have been there to
see that in real life or somebody that I
feel what did you think of Meryl
Streep's performance in two-stone to
function just on the awardees
aside that's good
did you like Al Pacino in the Scarface
sequel direct to t-shirt oh yeah yeah it
was good it was good I definitely
enjoyed it what was your favorite part
um I would say the beginning how do you
think Benedict Cumberbatch's impressions
were in the imitation game I thought
there really well I didn't know too much
about it but it was a nice movie I saw
it it was entertaining it was nice did
you know that the mathematician Alan
Turing was such a ham that he did so
many great silent no I didn't I didn't
know that I didn't know that was it
great to see him do Frank Sinatra yes
yes he was real funny what did you think
of Benedict Cumberbatch Frank Sinatra I
thought was good it was real good what
was her favorite song he sang I remember
poof it was it uh did he sing New York
New York
oh yes yes yeah what did you think of
the Woody Allen movie let's all forget
about what happened I thought that was
pretty good I thought that was pretty
good nothing not that you know made me
do flips or anything but I thought that
was pretty good that's worthy did you
enjoy the movie I'll lie about anything
oh yeah that was a pretty good movie it
was really good will you lie about
anything
yeah I definitely would lie about a lot
of stuff
right out on our street hi I'm Jimmy
Kimmel if you like that subscribe to our
YouTube channel to get all our latest
videos before they die and go to YouTube
heaven